Implemented Features
Purpose:
A full-stack Resume Builder web app that lets users create, view, edit, and download a professional resume.

Key Functions:
    1. Add, update, and delete resume sections
    2. Dynamically render resume preview
    3. Export resume as a PDF
    4. Store data in a local JSON file (mock database)

Notes:
1. Implement React for More Dynamic Template, also because I wanted to brush up on React, also the bevy of libraries for further complicating this project :D
2. Switch from using Params to sending the JSON payload, as each form has n number of inputs, and I didn't want the logic to be a series of convoluted if statements (DRY anyone?)
3. All info is kept on a local JSON
4. use useState for Reactive variables (in App.js) allows for the reactive rendering of the forms and buttons
5. Implement toastify (react libary) for toast notifications, also because why make your own when theres a perfectly nice library
6. Used html2canvas	to render the DOM elements into an image. Basically like taking a screenshot, and making it a pdf
7. jsPDF actually generates the pdf
8. Used Express, and CORS in the backend, like shown in class
9. Initally wanted to use Figma for styling, because Figma Make just came out. Unfortunately the code was .tsx, and was a bit too scattered for me to just come in and yoink some styles. Hence i did the styling myself.
10. Implemented useEffect() to trigger an action that runs on start up, basically by making it not have a dependency that triggers it, it will only run the first time the page renders.
11. routes in server.js are categorized by Method, and then sorted specific -> general. there was an issue where /resume was triggering the /:section route, so that needed to be fixed
12. learned to live breathe documentation due to this
13. learned how to add optional params to the route urls (its no longer ?, use {})

HOW THE DOWNLOAD THING WORKS
html2canvas renders  HTML element #resumeDisplay to a canvas (screenshot)
canvas.toDataURL() converts the canvas to an image string
jsPDF creates a PDF and adds the image
pdf.save() triggers the browser download



1 huge difficulty was making things work with the lifecycle. having dynamic rendering is fun and games, until i had to actually pull out the information, hence useState was introduced

decided to not use figma make as the code is in tsx, and the styles were too scattered